fix: update default remote provider references to Meshery Cloud (#18913)
meshery/meshery: docs/content/en/installation/kubernetes/minikube.md

For Meshery to manage your Minikube cluster, it has to be discovered and added as a Kubernetes connection in the Meshery server.

> After your cluster has been added as a connection, you can use Meshery to make infrastructure deployments of your [Meshery Designs](https://cloud.meshery.io/academy/learning-paths/11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111/mastering-meshery/introduction-to-meshery?chapter=creating-designs) to your cluster. To learn more about this, See [Deploying Meshery Designs](https://cloud.meshery.io/academy/learning-paths/11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111/mastering-meshery/introduction-to-meshery?chapter=deploying-meshery-designs). You can also Visualize the resources in your cluster in Operator Mode, See [Views in Visualizer](https://docs.layer5.io/kanvas/operator/operator-views/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your cluster has been added as a connection, you can use Meshery to make infrastructure deployments of your [Meshery Designs](https://cloud.meshery.io/academy/learning-paths/d011fd20-a3f5-4480-883b-dfb34321d168/mastering-meshery/introduction-to-meshery?chapter=creating-designs) to your cluster. To learn more about this, See [Deploying Meshery Designs](https://cloud.meshery.io/academy/learning-paths/d011fd20-a3f5-4480-883b-dfb34321d168/mastering-meshery/introduction-to-meshery?chapter=deploying-meshery-designs). You can also Visualize the resources in your cluster in Operator Mode, See [Views in Visualizer](https://docs.layer5.io/kanvas/operator/operator-views/).
```
